# https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors

# ðŸŒŸ unet/kolors ðŸŒŸ
# unet/diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/unet/diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.safetensors
    out=kolors.fp16.safetensors
    dir=models/unet/kolors

https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/unet/config.json
    out=config.json
    dir=models/unet/kolors

# ðŸŒŸ scheduler ðŸŒŸ
# scheduler/scheduler_config.json
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/scheduler/scheduler_config.json
    out=scheduler_config.json
    dir=models

# text_encoder
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/config.json
    out=config.json
    dir=models/clip

https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/tokenizer.model
    out=tokenizer.model
    dir=models/clip

https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00001-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00001-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00002-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00002-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00003-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00003-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00004-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00004-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00005-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00005-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00006-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00006-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/pytorch_model-00007-of-00007.bin
      dir=models/clip
      out=pytorch_model-00007-of-00007.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/tokenizer.model
      dir=models/clip
      out=tokenizer.model
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/tokenizer_config.json
      dir=models/clip
      out=tokenizer_config.json
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/text_encoder/vocab.txt
      dir=models/clip
      out=vocab.txt


https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/unet/config.json
      dir=models/clip
      out=config.json
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/unet/diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.safetensors
      dir=models/clip
      out=diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.safetensors

# ðŸŒŸ VAE ðŸŒŸ
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/vae/config.json
      dir=models/vae
      out=config.json
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/vae/diffusion_pytorch_model.bin
      dir=models/vae
      out=diffusion_pytorch_model.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/vae/diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.bin
      dir=models/vae
      out=diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.bin
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/vae/diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.safetensors
      dir=models/vae
      out=diffusion_pytorch_model.fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/vae/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors
      dir=models/vae
      out=diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors

# ðŸŒŸ tokenizer # ðŸŒŸ
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/tokenizer/tokenization_chatglm.py
      dir=models/tokenizer
      out=tokenization_chatglm.py
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/tokenizer/tokenizer.model
      dir=models/tokenizer
      out=tokenizer.model
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/tokenizer/tokenizer_config.json
      dir=models/tokenizer
      out=tokenizer_config.json
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors/resolve/main/tokenizer/vocab.txt
      dir=models/tokenizer
      out=vocab.txt


# ðŸŒŸ  chatglm3  ðŸŒŸ
https://huggingface.co/Kijai/ChatGLM3-safetensors/resolve/main/chatglm3-8bit.safetensors
    dir=models/LLM
    out=chatglm3-8bit.safetensors

# Kwai-Kolors/Kolors-IP-Adapter-FaceID-Plus
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors-IP-Adapter-Plus/resolve/main/ip_adapter_plus_general.bin
    dir=models/ipadapter
    out=Kolors_ip_adapter_plus_general.bin

# ðŸŒŸ  clip_vision  ðŸŒŸ
https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors-IP-Adapter-FaceID-Plus/resolve/main/clip-vit-large-patch14-336/pytorch_model.bin
    dir=models/clip_vision
    out=clip-vit-large-patch14-336.bin

https://huggingface.co/Kwai-Kolors/Kolors-IP-Adapter-Plus/resolve/main/image_encoder/pytorch_model.bin
    dir=models/clip_vision
    out=pytorch_model.bin


https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/.gitattributes
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=.gitattributes
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/1k3d68.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=1k3d68.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/2d106det.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=2d106det.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/genderage.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=genderage.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/glintr100.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=glintr100.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/readme.md
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=readme.md
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/antelopev2/resolve/main/scrfd_10g_bnkps.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/antelopev2
      out=scrfd_10g_bnkps.onnx


https://huggingface.co/ezioruan/inswapper_128.onnx/resolve/main/inswapper_128.onnx
    out=inswapper_128.onnx
    dir=models/insightface


https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/buffalo_l/resolve/main/.gitattributes
      dir=models/insightface/models/buffalo_l
      out=.gitattributes
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/buffalo_l/resolve/main/1k3d68.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/buffalo_l
      out=1k3d68.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/buffalo_l/resolve/main/2d106det.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/buffalo_l
      out=2d106det.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/buffalo_l/resolve/main/det_10g.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/buffalo_l
      out=det_10g.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/buffalo_l/resolve/main/genderage.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/buffalo_l
      out=genderage.onnx
https://huggingface.co/Gayrat1968/buffalo_l/resolve/main/w600k_r50.onnx
      dir=models/insightface/models/buffalo_l
      out=w600k_r50.onnx

# ðŸŒŸ ip-adapter  ðŸŒŸ
# ip-adapter-faceid-plusv2_sdxl.bin, SDXL plus v2
https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter-FaceID/resolve/main/ip-adapter-faceid-plusv2_sdxl.bin
    dir=models/ipadapter/SDXL
    out=ip-adapter-faceid-plusv2_sdxl.bin

# ip-adapter-faceid_sdxl.bin, SDXL base FaceID
https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter-FaceID/resolve/main/ip-adapter-faceid_sdxl.bin
    dir=models/ipadapter/SDXL
    out=ip-adapter-faceid_sdxl.bin

# ip-adapter-faceid-portrait_sdxl.bin, SDXL text prompt style transfer
https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter-FaceID/resolve/main/ip-adapter-faceid-portrait_sdxl.bin
    dir=models/ipadapter/SDXL
    out=ip-adapter-faceid-portrait_sdxl.bin

# ip-adapter-faceid-portrait_sdxl_unnorm.bin, very strong style transfer SDXL only
https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter-FaceID/resolve/main/ip-adapter-faceid-portrait_sdxl_unnorm.bin
    dir=models/ipadapter/SDXL
    out=ip-adapter-faceid-portrait_sdxl_unnorm.bin

https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter/resolve/main/sdxl_models/ip-adapter-plus-face_sdxl_vit-h.safetensors
    dir=models/ipadapter/SDXL
    out=ip-adapter-plus-face_sdxl_vit-h.safetensors


# ðŸŒŸ  clip_vision  ðŸŒŸ
https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter/resolve/main/models/image_encoder/model.safetensors
    dir=models/clip_vision
    out=CLIP-ViT-H-14-laion2B-s32B-b79K.safetensors

https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter/resolve/main/sdxl_models/image_encoder/model.safetensors
    dir=models/clip_vision
    out=CLIP-ViT-bigG-14-laion2B-39B-b160k.safetensors

# ðŸŒŸ  LORA  ðŸŒŸ
https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter-FaceID/resolve/main/ip-adapter-faceid_sdxl_lora.safetensors
    dir=models/loras
    out=ip-adapter-faceid_sdxl_lora.safetensors

https://huggingface.co/h94/IP-Adapter-FaceID/resolve/main/ip-adapter-faceid-plusv2_sdxl_lora.safetensors
    dir=models/loras
    out=ip-adapter-faceid-plusv2_sdxl_lora.safetensors

# INFO: Clip Vision model loaded from /workspace/ComfyUI/models/clip_vision/CLIP-ViT-H-14-laion2B-s32B-b79K.safetensors
# INFO: IPAdapter model loaded from /workspace/ComfyUI/models/ipadapter/ip-adapter-plus-face_sdxl_vit-h.safetensors